add catalog policy (#35)
OvertureMaps/docs: docs/getting-data/cloud-services.mdx

You can access and query Overture Maps parquet files directly in the cloud using one of the SQL query options documented below. You'll need an AWS account or a Microsoft Azure account.

:::tip
   Overture's S3 bucket is located in the us-west-2 AWS region, so use `us-west-2` for best performance.
:::

## Amazon Athena (AWS)

### 1. Add Overture as a data source

> Add Overture as a cross-account data source using [these instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/data-sources-glue-cross-account.html). The Catalog ID is `913550007193`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Overture as a cross-account data source using [these instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/data-sources-glue-cross-account.html). The Catalog ID is `913550007193` and the permissions policy required for querying is listed below.

<details>
  <summary>IAM Policy for Overture Glue catalog access</summary>
  <div>
```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "glue:GetTable*",
        "glue:GetDatabase*",
        "glue:GetPartition*"
      ],
      "Resource": [
        "arn:aws:glue:us-west-2:913550007193:catalog",
        "arn:aws:glue:us-west-2:913550007193:database/release",
        "arn:aws:glue:us-west-2:913550007193:table/*"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
  </div>
</details>
```

(I think this is the right syntax for the docs.)

After you run the set-up query, you can load the partitions by running `MSCK REPAIR TABLE overture` or choosing "Load Partitions" from the table options menu.

#### Add a policy in your data catalog settings

> You'll want to navigate to the [data catalog settings](https://console.aws.amazon.com/glue/home#/v2/security/settings) and add permissions. The cross-account Glue catalog policy (AWS Glue → Catalog settings → Permissions) looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to share this catalog with other users and accounts, you'll need to add a policy enabling cross-account Glue catalog access. To do so, navigate to the [data catalog settings](https://console.aws.amazon.com/glue/home#/v2/security/settings) and add a catalog policy that looks this:
```

```
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": "*",
      "Action": [
        "glue:GetTable*",
        "glue:GetDatabase*",
        "glue:GetPartition*"
      ],
      "Resource": [
        "arn:aws:glue:<region>:<account id>:catalog",
        "arn:aws:glue:<region>:<account id>:database/release",
        "arn:aws:glue:<region>:<account id>:table/*"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
`release` is the name of the database containing Overture tables.

> ## Microsft Synapse (Azure)

Reviewer: Unrelated typo: Microsft
